[DOC-193] [2.20.2] YBA and YBDB compatibility section (#21001)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prerequisites/default.md

- 8 GB memory
- 200 GB disk space

## Supported YugabyteDB versions

> YugabyteDB Anywhere aims to support _all_ officially supported versions of YugabyteDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB Anywhere supports _all_ officially supported versions of YugabyteDB.
```

> YBA {{< yb-version version="stable" format="short">}} supports deploying the following versions of YugabyteDB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use YBA {{< yb-version version="stable" format="short">}} to deploy the following versions of YugabyteDB:
```

- v2.14 series: 2.14.0 to 2.14.15
- v2.18 series: 2.18.0 to 2.18.5
- v2.20 series: 2.20.0 to 2.20.1.3

> 

Reviewer: add an xref to https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/upgrade-software/

"For information on managing YugabyteDB releases and upgrading universes, refer to [Upgrade the YugabyteDB software](../../manage-deployments/upgrade-software/)."
